The 3- nadie countries in Japan have been working particularly hard to get and rescue their spot on the border line.
In other words, Germany and Italy are building new buildings in Europe,
while Japan is building new buildings based on the original Asian style in the area of the Great East Asia.
In the first place, we cannot expect the completion of an organization that will immediately become the world's number one.
It is inevitable that the world's ethnic groups will form a coexistence and cooperation between the two.
Therefore, it is important that Japan stands in the position of leading this coexistence and cooperation between Japan and Europe,
rather than the position of the country, the country, or the economy.
I think that the European Union has seen the outbreak of the Second World War,
and has shown the tension of purely political international relations in the East Asia.
In the end, Japan will cooperate with the Japanese,
and the three countries will help each other more than ever, and in time, the military alliance will also develop.
This is also an inevitable momentum.
If we feel that way, we should now face a crisis that has been going on since the beginning of the Great East Asia.
We must be determined to break through this crisis as a group of people, and we must be prepared to break through this crisis as a group of people.